you
baseball
long-range recon report this Kitty's
keen sense of discovery has uncovered a
mondo stasis pod but it's thoroughly
thrashed it plowed into a big load of
residual Energon and it's branded with a
big bad-looking X just hang on I'm on my
way
silver bolt you're with me Primus help
us all if that thing survived a big
stasis pod our big soldier yes black
Arachnia Waspinator prepare for a
recruitment drive whatever this
protoform is I want it flying the flag
of the Predacons bot of the maximals
always eager to welcome a new comrade in
arms
spiders spin their webs yes but I spin
them larger
so the treacherous female is undertaking
a journey how dangerous especially if I
catch her first
perhaps it did expire what is this thing
big BOTS the dark secret of Axl on his
journey it was originally an attempt to
replicate Starscream's mutant
indestructible spark with a maximal
indestructible
afraid not well it was a mistake to even
try though brilliant
it was hopelessly treacherous and
incapable of being recycled
it was put on the exelon for what reason
Optimus to dump it somewhere far
someplace barren oh no sorry my
transmetal bots been soaking up so much
energy on him about to blast one off hmm
what it wasn't me
the Predacons clean that protoform
this is unnecessary its bark is
extinguished we were too late
pardon me if I don't buy that load
monkey silverbolt
widow alert
how far will you carry this silly
chivalry this dark damsel is not yet
what are you doing here oh yeah you've
got information I want yes let's hear it
fine tarantulas here's the scoop
Megatron is a flag sucking sorry got it
she'll pay for that foolish spider let's
see a play my shield will improve your
sense of grace though threatening your
own comrade is no doubt business as
usual in the Predacon guide to villainy
ah it is simply unacceptable behavior in
my